Convenience builder to concat implementation and reflection (#1266) (#1284)
akka/akka-grpc: docs/src/main/paradox/server/reflection.md

commands.

This is achieved by providing a gRPC service that provides endpoints that
can be used to query this information.

## Providing

The generated service handler includes a convenience method to create an Akka HTTP 

> handler with your service together with Server Reflection: 

Author: ```suggestion
handler for the service together with server reflection: 
```

Author: I think I like `handler for the service together with server reflection: ` better.

Reviewer: :+1: LGTM, merge when you're happy!

## Providing

The generated service handler includes a convenience method to create an Akka HTTP 

> handler with your service with a `ServerReflection` handler fallback: 

Author: Good point, it doesn't make sense to present this feature in terms of how it's implemented.

At the same time, since this is a convenience method (_ehem_ a `Utils` method _/ehem_), it's not so bad to expose how it is implemented. 

I'll continue thinking of other options anyway. :-)
